hey guys it's diver project here welcome
back to my mini games minecraft series
guys on today's mini games episode I am
trying out something new called
quakecraft i hope i pronounced that
right so yeah I think it's that
free-for-all so yeah I'm pretty excited
let's do this yeah yeah it's like free
full weight crawl let's do this baby oh
you got owned yo shit died fuck what
kill la kill man fuck yeah bitch yeah
you die like that yeah hype hype willing
to kill shriek oh damn he got me he got
me nice nice nice yes doing good so far
ah
come on come on yes how we doing so far
so good we ain't you ain't doing
terrible yeah someone real of time yeah
hey Tyler oh I just killed this guy or
this guy yeah dad like that shit that
guy got me know what the scheme old is
really fun I enjoy it I enjoy it um yeah
I've in the screen scheme older
something new nice I never heard of this
or played this before I slap my first
time and all that is pretty decent is
something new in Minecraft Wow yes bitch
fuck damn I dad I came third place not
bad not bad yo i came third place it's
pretty decent anyways guys thank you for
watching if you enjoyed this episode
please make sure that you live a lack in
the common and also subscribe if you
haven't and i'll see you guys next time
peace out